c:\users\avierin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\bin\Debug\ZeBoneGame.exe.config
c:\users\avierin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\bin\Debug\ZeBoneGame.exe
c:\users\avierin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\bin\Debug\ZeBoneGame.pdb
c:\users\avierin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\obj\Debug\ZeBoneGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\avierin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\avierin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\avierin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\obj\Debug\ZeBoneGame_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\avierin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\obj\Debug\ZeBoneGame_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\avierin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\avierin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\obj\Debug\ZeBoneGame.g.resources
c:\users\avierin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\obj\Debug\ZeBoneGame.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\avierin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\obj\Debug\ZeBoneGame.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\avierin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\obj\Debug\ZeBoneGame.exe
c:\users\avierin\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\obj\Debug\ZeBoneGame.pdb
C:\Users\avierin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\avierin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\obj\Debug\UserControl1.g.cs
C:\Users\avierin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\obj\Debug\UserControl1.baml
C:\Users\avierin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\avierin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\avierin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\avierin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\avierin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\bin\Debug\LiteDB.dll
C:\Users\avierin\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ZeBoneGame\ZeBoneGame\bin\Debug\LiteDB.xml
